// Javascript
console.log("The George Brown College of Applied Arts and Technology is a public, fully accredited college of applied arts and technology with three campuses in downtown Toronto (Ontario, Canada). Like many other colleges in Ontario, George Brown College was chartered in 1966 by the government of Ontario and opened the next year.");

// C#
Console.WriteLine("The George Brown College of Applied Arts and Technology is a public, fully accredited college of applied arts and technology with three campuses in downtown Toronto (Ontario, Canada). Like many other colleges in Ontario, George Brown College was chartered in 1966 by the government of Ontario and opened the next year.");

// C++
cout << "The George Brown College of Applied Arts and Technology is a public, fully accredited college of applied arts and technology with three campuses in downtown TorontoOntario, Canada). Like many other colleges in Ontario, George Brown College was chartered in 1966 by the government of Ontario and opened the next year." << endl;

// C
printf("The George Brown College of Applied Arts and Technology is a public, fully accredited college of applied arts and technology with three campuses in downtown Toronto (Ontario, Canada). Like many other colleges in Ontario, George Brown College was chartered in 1966 by the government of Ontario and opened the next year.");

// Java
System.out.println("The George Brown College of Applied Arts and Technology is a public, fully accredited college of applied arts and technology with three campuses in downtown TorontoOntario, Canada). Like many other colleges in Ontario, George Brown College was chartered in 1966 by the government of Ontario and opened the next year.");

// Python
print("The George Brown College of Applied Arts and Technology is a public, fully accredited college of applied arts and technology with three campuses in downtown TorontoOntario, Canada). Like many other colleges in Ontario, George Brown College was chartered in 1966 by the government of Ontario and opened the next year.")

// Ruby
puts "The George Brown College of Applied Arts and Technology is a public, fully accredited college of applied arts and technology with three campuses in downtown TorontoOntario, Canada). Like many other colleges in Ontario, George Brown College was chartered in 1966 by the government of Ontario and opened the next year."

// Rust
println!("The George Brown College of Applied Arts and Technology is a public, fully accredited college of applied arts and technology with three campuses in downtown Toronto (Ontario, Canada). Like many other colleges in Ontario, George Brown College was chartered in 1966 by the government of Ontario and opened the next year.");

// PHP
echo "The George Brown College of Applied Arts and Technology is a public, fully accredited college of applied arts and technology with three campuses in downtown Toronto (Ontario, Canada). Like many other colleges in Ontario, George Brown College was chartered in 1966 by the government of Ontario and opened the next year.";

// SQL
SELECT 'The George Brown College of Applied Arts and Technology is a public, fully accredited college of applied arts and technology with three campuses in downtown TorontoOntario, Canada). Like many other colleges in Ontario, George Brown College was chartered in 1966 by the government of Ontario and opened the next year.';

// Bash
#!/bin/bash
echo 'The George Brown College of Applied Arts and Technology is a public, fully accredited college of applied arts and technology with three campuses in downtown TorontoOntario, Canada). Like many other colleges in Ontario, George Brown College was chartered in 1966 by the government of Ontario and opened the next year.